Welcome to Arty
This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data that you provide to us ("Information") will be handled by us in connection with your access and use of the Arty mobile application. We understand the importance you place on the Information, and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your Information. By using our Services, you agree to the handling of your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
References in this Privacy Policy to "we", "our" or "us" (or similar) are references to Arty E-Commerce App Owned By Technoid FZE LLC. References to "user" or "you" (or similar) are references to you as an individual or legal entity as the case may be.
WHAT INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following Information about you:
•	Information that you provide by filling in the registration form on our Platform. These are the information provided at the time of registering to use our Platform.
•	Information you provide us, or that we may collect from you, when you report a problem with our Platform.
•	A record of correspondence if you contact us.
HOW WE WILL USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use Information held about you in the following ways:
a.	To verify the user when logging in our app
TO WHOM WE MAY DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
a.	All information contained by Arty app is treated as strictly confidential and Arty app does not and will not disclose or share such confidential information to / with any external organization.
b.	The users’ privacy is very important to us. We do not and shall not at any point in time, either sell or rent users’ personal information to third parties without users’ explicit consent.
c.	We may be required from time to time to disclose users’ personal information to Governmental or law enforcing agencies or our regulators, but we will only do so under proper authority.
d.	Arty app also reserves the right to make use of the personal information in any investigation or judicial process relating to fraud on account of such transactions during the period Arty app retains such information.
e.	We may also disclose personal information to enforce our policies, respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other’s rights, or protects anyone’s rights, property, or safety.
f.	Service providers who help with our business operations.
HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of the information that you provide us, and we will take all reasonable precautions and necessary measures to protect your personal information. Our electronic information systems are password protected to prevent unauthorized access. We have adopted security measures in an effort to protect personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration while it is under our control. Our staff are trained and required to protect the privacy of your personal information.
In order to maintain this protection, we caution you not to provide your password to anyone. We recommend that, if you share your computer with other people, you close your browser window when your session is completed. Signing off will protect your information if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.
If you believe that your password has been misused, please notify us immediately.
WHAT SECURITY MEASURES WE APPLY
We maintain commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to ensure your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and to protect against unauthorized access or alteration to, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information. However, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to our websites and any such transmission is at your own risk.
WHAT IF WE CHANGE OUR PRIVACY POLICY?
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Amendments will be effective from the date of publication. 
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US
If you have any concerns about your Information on the Platform, please contact us at arya@technoid.ae with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
